Previously on "Colony"...
Total rendition is coming.
Our glorious Hosts round up
every human they can find
and take them to the Factory.
- Come with us.
- I'm staying.
We need to make contact
with Noah's people.
and get this to them.
There's a little bridge called
the Metal Fork in Smith River.
Meet me there in 48 hours.
and bring the package.
The RAPs are at war.
Maybe that ship
came here to attack them.
There's someone inside.
_
- Governor. please come with us.
- What's going on?
We need to get you to the bunker. now.
All right. let me uh...
Let me get dressed.
_
Je ne sais pas comment
ils vont récupérer le corps.
The third one went down
in the San Bernadino mountains.
San Bernadino?
That's my region. What happened?
Numerous bogeys penetrated
our Host's defense grid.
Three took heavy damage
and entered our atmosphere.
Well. they didn't fly
halfway across the universe for nothing.
What was the target?
The Factory.
And?
It's gone?
Totally destroyed.
Any survivors?
Had the defense grid
been fully operational.
I am confident the attack
would have been stopped.
But how will our Hosts rebuild the grid
without a factory? Without a workforce?
I can only speak for Region Eight.
but we can divert more labor
to our fabrication facilities
in California.
Anything we can do to help
with the war effort.
We must all adjust to the new reality.
I want plans for similar contributions
from every region by tonight.
This was just an advance strike.
We must assume that their
main fleet is on the way.
And without the grid in place.
the battle will spill over on to Earth.
But our Hosts said
that we had years to prepare.
- That's what they thought.
- Well. how long do we have?
Not long.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
This is dispatch.
The 16 bus is running late.
Tojunga shuttle. what's your twenty?
Tojunga shuttle on schedule.
three passengers to deliver.
Over.
Copy that.
Route 8. you got anything for me?
Route 8 on schedule.
No passengers. over.
Copy that. Sherman Oaks. how about...
Tojunga on schedule.
No passengers. over.
Copy that. Tojunga.
Route 8. how about you?
Route 8 on schedule.
No passengers. over.
Then that's it.
Stay safe everyone. over and out.
You still on the line. Route 8?
Yeah. Is there a problem. dispatch?
Just checking in on my loneliest route.
You should keep the line
clear for real traffic.
The psychological health
of our drivers is important.
I'm fine.
I'm spinning some records over here.
Any requests. Route 8?
I like the blues.
A bit on the nose. don't you think?
How do you feel about
Simon and Garfunkel?
"Sound of Silence" or
"Bridge Over Troubled Waters"?
Always with the jokes.
That's not what they usually say.
Oh. yeah? What do they usually say?
Right now.
there's nobody to say anything.
Some guys might like that. you know?
Nobody around to bother them.
I've learned to be careful
what I wish for.
So then maybe it should be
"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
- Good night. dispatch.
- Good night. Route 8.
Get away from him.
Put your gun down. now!
Who are you?
Someone who can get you out.
Any sign of her?
No.
If the Occupation
picked up Bram's radio call.
they'll know exactly where to find us.
She's risking her life to meet us too.
Unless she's an occupation plant.
If I were planning an ambush.
I couldn't pick a better spot.
Low ground. bridge is a choke point.
The river's so loud.
I can't hear anyone coming.
It was my idea to contact her.
I'll meet her.
I'm not letting you go out there alone.
You're right. I should go with him.
The contact might test me with
questions about the Resistance.
Questions you can't answer.
Radios on. safeties off.
Hey. you be careful.
How do you know me?
You were married to
my mom's other sister. Rachel.
Good. but don't say it
like it's a question.
If you don't believe it.
they won't believe it.
What's wrong?
If Rachel was my mom's sister.
how come we never met her?
- Charles?
- She and Mom didn't get along.
but you got trapped
in LA after the Arrival
and didn't know anyone else.
So you moved in with us.
Up top.
Lindsey said the Greatest Day
praised truth tellers. and...
Lindsey's dead.
You are nothing if not direct.
Gracie. the less we make up. the better.
You're still Gracie Bowman.
You lived at the same address.
But now you've got an uncle Alan.
The closer we stay to the truth.
the less you have to remember.
Here's the thing.
You're kids; they won't
expect you to know every fact.
More important than telling the
truth is that they believe
you want to tell the truth.
That you're on their side.
If you show them that.
they'll move right down the
line and bother somebody else.
- Okay.
- If that doesn't work.
there's always selective mutism.
Tough crowd.
If I'm supposed to stay
close to the truth.
why can't I tell them that
you and my dad worked together?
Some people didn't like
what your dad and I did in Los Angeles.
It's not always fair.
but that's the way certain people think.
What did you do?
We kept you alive.
It's okay. go on.
So what's your plan
to get us through the Wall?
You can go take a seat.
I've got contacts
in the San Fernando bloc.
They can help.
I don't want another bloc.
I want to get out of the damn colony.
You want to take a kid outside the Wall?
I've got friends over there.
You'll get new IDs. place to live.
Schools.
That whole bloc's a bunch of
Greatest Day holy rollers. right?
Church every week. A lot of purple.
That's why I left Indiana
for LA in the first place.
- Get away from the crap.
- I get it.
But maybe faking a little religion
is a fair trade for safety.
No. Owen's not ready to leave.
Kids are adaptable. I hear.
It's just...
There used to be three of us.
My husband. Evan.
We thought we were so smart.
Everyone else got hauled away.
We had the Green Zone to ourselves.
Then the drones came back.
I know it's hard.
But you can't stay here.
Sooner or later.
the drones will catch you too.
Get some rest.
We can talk about this later.
- Where should we...
- Take my bunk.
Thank you.
You're not leaving. are you?
I'll be here.
I've got work to do.
You like puzzles?
All right.
We're going to match up
all the white strips.
and all the green strips.
Can you do that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah?
Company. 10 o'clock. moving fast.
There.
I'm Bram.
Katie.
The package.
You want to see it. come on over.
Let's get out of here.
Hey.
I didn't come here to look at luggage.
Okay. let's go.
We've got others.
Charlie! Gracie!
- You didn't say kids.
- They won't slow us down.
They slow everything down. Who's he?
My brother-in-law.
Come on. we're going to be late.
Late for what?
There it is. your ride.
We're getting on a train?
After it stops.
you've got 60 seconds to board.
- What happens after that?
- Drones.
Clock starts now!
Get on the car marked with an X.
What if the conductor sees us?
Nobody else is on board.
Gracie. Charlie. come on.
What about you?
Fifty seconds!
Got it!
I got you. this way.
Let's go! Come on.
- Where do we get off?
- They'll find you.
Where'd you find fresh fruit?
Little grove near the LA river.
Here. kiddo. Some healthy sugar.
I hear San Fernando bloc
has all the fresh fruit you can eat.
Have you gotten other people out?
Yeah.
- Friends of yours? Family?
- People like you.
People who stayed behind
after the rendition.
- Have you ever lost anybody?
- No.
Do they pay you?
Because we don't have...
No.
Maybe I'm selfish. but I don't get it.
What's in it for you?
- I like my space.
- How many you gotten out?
Not enough to balance the ledger.
All right.
Tujunga shuttle. what's your twenty?
Tujunga shuttle. On schedule. over.
Copy that.
Route 8. how about you?
Route 8. I've got two passengers. over.
Copy that. Transfer requested.
Sherman Oaks.
do you guys have room for two?
Negative. dispatch. I'm full.
We'll get them through
and put them up at the station tonight.
Route 8. we'll run
the usual handoff. over.
Copy that.
Two passengers en route. over and out.
This is a terrible idea.
- Let it go.
- Good advice. yeah.
Because people getting herded
onto freight trains
never ends badly.
- We need to get to the camp.
- Not helping.
Will. tell your son that we're
crazy to stay on this train.
It's crazy in a world where a spaceship
didn't just fall out of the sky.
What you got?
- Supplies.
- For who?
Seattle.
Did you know the Occupation had trains?
Yeah. they're a key piece
of the logistics network.
Is that how we've been
getting out supplies
at the distribution facility?
A lot of them.
But there are long haul trucks too.
Everything is driverless.
fully automated.
Who's out there making cereal?
Do I look like Captain Crunch?
What do you know about Seattle?
It was a problem Colony
during the Arrival.
Too much coffee. I guess.
But I've heard
they got things turned around.
If we're going to Seattle.
we're headed north.
I thought the Resistance camp
was in the desert.
Maybe they moved it.
Or maybe Noa
didn't trust us and was lying.
Or maybe we're being
delivered like a package
right into the hands of the Occupation.
Why would the Resistance do that?
Why do you trust people
who you've never met?
What were our options?
Just sit around and wait
for another tactical team
to hunt us down?
They don't care about you.
they just care about
the thing you're carrying.
So leave it on this train
as a present for Seattle.
and then disappear back into
some quiet mountain hideaway.
And then what?
Just spend the rest of our
lives hiding from drones?
- From everything?
- It's better than being dead.
I know the risks.
I would like more for my children
than to spend the rest of
their lives hiding in a cabin.
I know you don't understand;
you don't have kids.
I have a daughter.
Since when?
Since she was born.
What happened to her?
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
There's nothing I can do about it now.
All I'm saying is this:
If you stay on this train.
you better be ready to accept
whatever consequences might come.
Just like I did.
We made our choice.
- You dug this?
- No.
Bunch of guys who built
tunnels for the cartels.
Needed something to do
after the Arrival.
- You got this.
- Mm-hmm.
What's over there?
Never been. You'll have to let me know.
Okay.
Is something wrong?
How much longer do we wait?
We don't.
It's time to move.
Thank you.
Let's go. okay?
We're slowing.
- Are you the Bowmans?
- Yeah. who are you?
You met one of our operatives
in Los Angeles; who was it?
Noa.
What happened to her?
She didn't make it.
Show me the gauntlet.
Easy.
I've been looking for this
thing for a long time.
So. you weren't just
making it up for attention.
You've got the genuine article.
It's not much use without a RAP.
A what?
- The rest of the thing.
- Oh.
We call them "Clicks" up here.
And a Click we have.
And who do we have back here?
I'm guessing you've had a long trip.
- Yeah.
- What's your name. sweetie?
Gracie. And that's my brother. Charlie.
He doesn't talk very much.
And that's my Uncle Alan.
He talks a lot.
just not right now I guess.
We've got a long hike ahead
of us; we should get moving.
No. you've carried
that thing long enough.
Let us get it.
Okay.
Please! Are you Route 8?
Who are you?
Dispatch.
We talk every night.
- How'd you find me?
- The little boy.
He said you did puzzles
in the police station.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
The pickup crew is always careful.
but someone must have followed them.
They found the safe house.
My team. the passengers...
Everyone's gone.
You've done that before.
Never on myself.
You're a doctor?
You would never know it
from what they had me doing
in the San Fernando bloc.
I need to get out of this Colony.
Why?
So I can hike north.
reach the Resistance camp.
Alone?
Unless you're volunteering
to keep a girl company.
You're exactly the way I pictured you.
The strong silent type.
I don't think you should go
looking for that camp alone.
It's dangerous out there.
We just went over this.
What are my options?
Stay here. There's work to do.
What kind of work?
The Authority left
a treasure trove of information
when they abandoned the bloc.
Were those shredded?
Yeah. I put them back together.
Jesus. how long did that take you?
After the Berlin Wall fell.
the Stasi shredded everything.
Turned 40 years of crime into confetti.
But regular people came back in.
spent decades putting it together.
They were called the puzzle women.
Compared to them. I had it easy.
You might be
the loneliest man in the world.
What am I looking at?
A plan for Los Angeles
after the rendition.
I think they
emptied the bloc for a reason.
They want to use LA
to build a bio-weapon.
The first step will be
to repopulate the bloc.
All of this. everything you
think is gonna happen here.
- it's already happening.
- What?
- In Seattle.
- How do you know?
The Resistance outside the Walls?
They communicate
using a numbers station.
They've been sending messages
about Seattle.
The whole Colony was
renditioned about a year ago.
- And now?
- It's like this.
New population. new government.
The camp needs to see
what you've uncovered.
And if you want to learn
what's happening in Seattle.
if they really are building a
bio-weapon. you'll find allies.
Maybe you're right;
maybe the fight here is over.
It's not over. It's just moved on.
Help me get this to the right people.
What do you hear?
Wind.
How much further to this camp?
Not too far.
Noa told us about one of your people.
A special operator.
Did a stint in Kandahar.
We lost him.
How?
A raid.
It went bad.
This camp...
What are we looking at
when we get there?
It's a good place.
We're doing important work.
Sometimes. it can be... political.
So watch your six.
- Who are they?
- Welcoming committee.
Hey.
Is there a problem?
Check them for electronics.
Okay. Give me that.
This.
Put it right in here.
Turn around.
Here.
Hey. man. take it easy. She's a kid.
Same rules for everyone.
Don't like them. don't come.
Okay. you're next.
Come on.
- Watch.
- Put your arms up.
- Anything else?
- No. sir.
Follow me.
Hey. who are they?
Wait here.
- What's going on?
- I told you not to go.
I know what he said.
I brought back the gauntlet.
Show it to me.
I'm going to show it to him.
You disobeyed orders;
he's not talking to you.
Not yet.
There has to be another option.
- There isn't.
- What about a tunnel?
The Occupation did a sweep.
They're all sealed or booby-trapped.
Well then. we need to MacGyver
a hang glider or something.
because just walking through
the gateway is insane.
Would have been. before the rendition.
- What changed?
- The manpower.
My guess is they're running
skeleton crews on the inside.
I'm going to bet my life on your guess?
It's an educated guess.
I moonlighted as a Redhat.
What about drones?
That's why we've got to move fast.
You're the one that wants out.
This is the way.
You know how to use that?
Not really.
It's fine. I'll take the lead.
What are you doing?
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com